src/stories/notification/notification.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Story, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as stories from './notification.stories.js';

<Meta title="Components/Notification" />

# Notifications

### Information Notification

<Story name="Information Notification">{stories.InformationNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { informationNotification } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : informationNotification('Notification Title', 'This is a notification.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$notify(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Information Notification with Icon

<Story name="Icon Information Notification">{stories.IconInformationNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { iconInformationNotification } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : iconInformationNotification('Icon Notification Title', 'This is a notification with an icon.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$notify(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Success Notification

<Story name="Success Notification">{stories.SuccessNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { successMessage } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : successMessage('Success!')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$message(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Failure Notification

<Story name="Failure Notification">{stories.FailureNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { failMessage } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : failMessage('Failure.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$message(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

Commit message:

feat(fix): style changes and documentation updates

src/stories/notification/notification.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Story, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as stories from './notification.stories.js';

<Meta title="Components/Notification" />

# Notifications

Use notifications to inform users of updates or changes to system status. Communicating with users and providing immediate feedback are important for building trust.
While notifications are an effective method of communicating with users, they are disruptive and should be used sparingly.

### Information Notification

<Story name="Information Notification">{stories.InformationNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { informationNotification } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : informationNotification('Notification Title', 'This is a notification.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$notify(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Information Notification with Icon

The icon is used to inform the users of the type of notification, such as a new release.

<Story name="Icon Information Notification">{stories.IconInformationNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { iconInformationNotification } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : iconInformationNotification('Icon Notification Title', 'This is a notification with an icon.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$notify(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Success Notification

Success messages are used to indicate a completion of a task, such as when a citation has been copied to the clipboard.

<Story name="Success Notification">{stories.SuccessNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { successMessage } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : successMessage('Success!')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$message(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```

### Failure Notification

Error messages are a response to a technical error or failure.

<Story name="Failure Notification">{stories.FailureNotification()}</Story>

#### Code

```js
import { failMessage } from "@/utils/notificationMessages"

data() {
  return {
    notification : failMessage('Failure.')
  }
},
methods() {
  clickHandler() {
    this.$message(this.notification)
  }
}
```

```html
<el-button
  plain
  @click="clickHandler">
  Show Notification
</el-button>
```
